
 Early rolloff process 1 Early rolloff process Tags Product a) What product/s do you work on and what is your role in that product's development? Copilot Currently there is a team within the bank that is responsible for creating risk profiles on individuals and businesses by manually collating articles, reading through all the information, identifying financial crimes that have been mentioned and the relevant parties involved, store and rate each article based on certain criteria. The purpose of Copilot was to help automate this manual process and leverage generative AI to perform this analysis. My role in the development of this product as a software engineer was to assist with the prompt engineering to improve the functionality of ChatGPT3.5 and ChatGPT4 in analysing the information and returning appropriate and usable data. In addition to this, I took ownership of the paywall detection logic that was implemented, and functionality to process articles which were in pdf format. I was closely involved with the stakeholders and we had constant communication to test and improve the functionality of our application. GenAI With the advancement of generative AI, its popularity and demand has grown within CBA. However, as security and safety is an extremely high priority within the bank, it was a very challenging task for teams to go through the approval process of being able to use generative AI. This is the problem our product, GenAI, was developed to solve. GenAI is a single platform that allows users to interact with multiple large language models (LLMs) at once, allowing users to test various prompts and even compare the results from different models such as ChatGPT3.5, Llama2, etc. Users are also able to then continue conversations with any models of their choosing. They can also modify the number of tokens used (length of response), the chat history window size (for back and forth conversation with the model)+, the temperature (which is used to determine uniqueness and creativity of the response), and the system prompt (allows users to predefine tones, etc). Our platform had been carefully designed to abide by all CBA security rules, and any teams that wish to experiment with generative AI would need to be onboarded to our platform, which is much faster and easier than the original process. My role in the products development was to create a lightweight front end application that would be consumed by our end users. I began the project from the design phase, creating Figma designs which were then presented to our stakeholders for feedback regularly for the iterative improvement of our designs. Once a design was approved, I then lead our team's front end development, assuming the role of technology lead. The front end framework selected was React. We completed this project in approximately 2 weeks, and I deployed our application on the cloud using AWS and volunteered to present the final demonstration of our product to the stakeholders. Product Catalogue, Pricing Extractor and GPR Product Catalogue is a product of Commbank that houses all the information relating to products or services offered by CBA. Product Catalogue includes databases which house the data, backend APIs that are used to interact with the main databases, and frontend applications that can be used by non-technical managers. Product Catalogue acts as a system of truth, which collates product information that is stored in various locations and databases. Pricing Extractor is a backend service that has a cron job which is executed hourly. The purpose of this cron job is to extract information from the system of records, which are the individual, category specific databases that house product information. The cron job then uses the extracted information to update the Product Catalogue databases, which is designed to be a single point of access for all the distributed information. Then a Kafka message is created with information relating to the new changes that have been added to Product Catalogue.
